README.md, before:

# Awesome Bugs 🐛

A compilation list about bugs on software.

- [Collection of Software Bugs](https://www5.in.tum.de/~huckle/bugse.html)
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21701017)
- [Null References: The Billion Dollar Mistake](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/Null-References-The-Billion-Dollar-Mistake-Tony-Hoare)
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22019627)

## Worst Bugs

- [The worst mistake of computer science](https://www.lucidchart.com/techblog/2015/08/31/the-worst-mistake-of-computer-science/)
- [11 of the most costly software errors in history](https://raygun.com/blog/costly-software-errors-history)
- [Therac 25](https://hackaday.com/2015/10/26/killed-by-a-machine-the-therac-25/)
- [Sistema "apaga" o zero do CPF no cadastro e dificulta pedido de R$ 600 - PT-BR](https://economia.uol.com.br/noticias/redacao/2020/04/27/auxilio-r-600-zero-cpf-some-confirmacao-do-pedido.htm)

## Articles

- [One week of bugs - 2014](https://danluu.com/everything-is-broken/)
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28329906)
- [Bugs in Hello World](https://blog.sunfishcode.online/bugs-in-hello-world/)
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30611367)

## Types

This is a list of bugs types:

- hardware failure
- cosmic rays
- incorrect software
- overcommit

### Cosmic Rays

- [Cosmic rays bug!](https://twitter.com/andy_kelley/status/1411597889621561346)

## Blogs

- [Grumpy Website](https://grumpy.website) – a blog about everything wrong with modern web & tech
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21878292)

## Forums

- [reddit/softwarebugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/softwarebugs)

## Bug Trackers

- [Bug Trackers list](https://geteasyqa.com/blog/best-bug-tracking-software/)

## Reporting

- [Mozilla Bugs](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/)
- [Chromium Bugs](https://www.chromium.org/for-testers/bug-reporting-guidelines)
- [Como Relatar Bugs De Maneira Eficaz - PT-BR](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/bugs-br.html)

## Bug Hunting

- [Resources for Beginner Bug Bounty Hunters](https://github.com/nahamsec/Resources-for-Beginner-Bug-Bounty-Hunters)

## Languages

### C/C++

- [It Is Never a Compiler Bug Until It Is](http://r6.ca/blog/20200929T023701Z.html)
    - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24636326)
- [What is the most dangerous C++ line of code?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-most-dangerous-C-line-of-code)

### Java

- [The most copied StackOverflow snippet of all time is flawed!](https://programming.guide/worlds-most-copied-so-snippet.html)
- Log4j
    - Bugs:
        - [CVE-2021-44228: It’s worse than you think](https://www.praetorian.com/blog/log4j-its-worse-than-you-think/) [🐾](https://github.com/NCSC-NL/log4shell) [💉](https://isc.sans.edu/diary/Log4j+2.15.0+and+previously+suggested+mitigations+may+not+be+enough/28134) [🎞](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyq8yxWO1ls)
        - [CVE-2021-45046](https://blog.cloudflare.com/protection-against-cve-2021-45046-the-additional-log4j-rce-vulnerability/)
    - News:
        - [Fintech foi alvo com Log4j por não ter pago um resgate - PT-BR](https://olutriz.com.br/fintech-foi-alvo-com-log4j-por-nao-ter-pago-um-resgate/)

## Tools

### Make

- [Can GNU make handle filenames with spaces?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9838384/can-gnu-make-handle-filenames-with-spaces)

## Videos

- [Programadores precisam saber sobre 2038 (bug do milenio) - PT-BR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAwOTlYA4IM)
- [7 Security Risks and Hacking Stories for Web Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YOpILi9Oxs)
- [Como Uma Foto no Instagram Fez Um Ministro Ser Hackeado - PT-BR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE7iDdGdDtM)
- [Como Hackear - ft. @Gabriel Pato - PT-BR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwoqx_JqOWI)
- [The Universe is Hostile to Computers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaZ_RSt0KP8)
- [Programming’s Greatest Mistakes - Mark Rendle - NDC Copenhagen 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qC_ioJQpv4E)
- [How to never write bug  - Jeff Delaney/Fireship](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3jw1JVNdPE)
- [How One Line of Code Cost a Company $1,000,000](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmj48wCfHew)
- [Prime Reacts: Software Engineering is In Decline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLeJYFUBhbU)

Commit message:

add 'Go, nil, panic, and the billion dollar mistake'

README.md, after:

# Awesome Bugs 🐛

A compilation list about bugs on software.

- [Collection of Software Bugs](https://www5.in.tum.de/~huckle/bugse.html)
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21701017)
- [Null References: The Billion Dollar Mistake](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/Null-References-The-Billion-Dollar-Mistake-Tony-Hoare)
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22019627)

## Worst Bugs

- [The worst mistake of computer science](https://www.lucidchart.com/techblog/2015/08/31/the-worst-mistake-of-computer-science/)
- [11 of the most costly software errors in history](https://raygun.com/blog/costly-software-errors-history)
- [Therac 25](https://hackaday.com/2015/10/26/killed-by-a-machine-the-therac-25/)
- [Sistema "apaga" o zero do CPF no cadastro e dificulta pedido de R$ 600 - PT-BR](https://economia.uol.com.br/noticias/redacao/2020/04/27/auxilio-r-600-zero-cpf-some-confirmacao-do-pedido.htm)

## Articles

- [One week of bugs - 2014](https://danluu.com/everything-is-broken/)
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28329906)
- [Bugs in Hello World](https://blog.sunfishcode.online/bugs-in-hello-world/)
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30611367)

## Types

This is a list of bugs types:

- hardware failure
- cosmic rays
- incorrect software
- overcommit

### Cosmic Rays

- [Cosmic rays bug!](https://twitter.com/andy_kelley/status/1411597889621561346)

## Blogs

- [Grumpy Website](https://grumpy.website) – a blog about everything wrong with modern web & tech
  - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21878292)

## Forums

- [reddit/softwarebugs](https://www.reddit.com/r/softwarebugs)

## Bug Trackers

- [Bug Trackers list](https://geteasyqa.com/blog/best-bug-tracking-software/)

## Reporting

- [Mozilla Bugs](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/)
- [Chromium Bugs](https://www.chromium.org/for-testers/bug-reporting-guidelines)
- [Como Relatar Bugs De Maneira Eficaz - PT-BR](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/bugs-br.html)

## Bug Hunting

- [Resources for Beginner Bug Bounty Hunters](https://github.com/nahamsec/Resources-for-Beginner-Bug-Bounty-Hunters)

## Languages

### C/C++

- [It Is Never a Compiler Bug Until It Is](http://r6.ca/blog/20200929T023701Z.html)
    - [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24636326)
- [What is the most dangerous C++ line of code?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-most-dangerous-C-line-of-code)

### Go

- [Go, nil, panic, and the billion dollar mistake](https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/18sncxt/go_nil_panic_and_the_billion_dollar_mistake/)

### Java

- [The most copied StackOverflow snippet of all time is flawed!](https://programming.guide/worlds-most-copied-so-snippet.html)
- Log4j
    - Bugs:
        - [CVE-2021-44228: It’s worse than you think](https://www.praetorian.com/blog/log4j-its-worse-than-you-think/) [🐾](https://github.com/NCSC-NL/log4shell) [💉](https://isc.sans.edu/diary/Log4j+2.15.0+and+previously+suggested+mitigations+may+not+be+enough/28134) [🎞](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyq8yxWO1ls)
        - [CVE-2021-45046](https://blog.cloudflare.com/protection-against-cve-2021-45046-the-additional-log4j-rce-vulnerability/)
    - News:
        - [Fintech foi alvo com Log4j por não ter pago um resgate - PT-BR](https://olutriz.com.br/fintech-foi-alvo-com-log4j-por-nao-ter-pago-um-resgate/)

## Tools

### Make

- [Can GNU make handle filenames with spaces?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9838384/can-gnu-make-handle-filenames-with-spaces)

## Videos

- [Programadores precisam saber sobre 2038 (bug do milenio) - PT-BR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAwOTlYA4IM)
- [7 Security Risks and Hacking Stories for Web Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YOpILi9Oxs)
- [Como Uma Foto no Instagram Fez Um Ministro Ser Hackeado - PT-BR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE7iDdGdDtM)
- [Como Hackear - ft. @Gabriel Pato - PT-BR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwoqx_JqOWI)
- [The Universe is Hostile to Computers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaZ_RSt0KP8)
- [Programming’s Greatest Mistakes - Mark Rendle - NDC Copenhagen 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qC_ioJQpv4E)
- [How to never write bug  - Jeff Delaney/Fireship](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3jw1JVNdPE)
- [How One Line of Code Cost a Company $1,000,000](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmj48wCfHew)
- [Prime Reacts: Software Engineering is In Decline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLeJYFUBhbU)
